OKTA-211992 Remove HydraAsync from public API (#133)
okta/okta-sdk-appauth-ios: README.md

## Configuration Reference

> Before start using this SDK, you have to configure it. To configure SDK create `OktaAuthConfig` object and assign it to  `OktaAuth.configuration`. There are multiple ways to create configuration object: you can provide either plist file either create configuration with dictionary. 

Reviewer: Since most of this content is duplicated below, we can condense it to:

```suggestion
Before using this SDK, you'll need to configure it. Simply create an `OktaAuthConfig` object using one of the methods below.
```

Author: Done.

### Configuration object

Alternatively, you can create a configuration object ( `OktaAuthConfig`) from dictionary with the required values:

```swift
OktaAuth.configuration = OktaAuthConfig(with: [
  "issuer": "https://{yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/default",
  "clientId": "{clientID}",
  "redirectUri": "{redirectUri}",
  "logoutRedirectUri": "{logoutRedirectUri}",
  "scopes": "openid profile offline_access",
  // Custom parameters
  "login_hint": "username@email.com"
])

> ``` 

Reviewer: nit: Watch out for these empty spaces.

Author: Fixed.

## API Reference

### signInWithBrowser

Start the authorization flow by simply calling `signIn`. 

```swift
OktaAuth.signInWithBrowser(from: self) { tokens, error in

>     if let error = error {

Reviewer: We're mixing `2` and `4` spaces as indentation across our examples, can you please standardize on one of them?

Author: Done.

Calls the introspection endpoint to inspect the validity of the specified token.

```swift
OktaAuth.introspect(token: accessToken, callback: { isValid, error in
    guard let isValid = isValid else {
        // Error
        return
    }
    
    print("Is token valid? \(isValid)")
})
```

### refresh

Since access tokens are traditionally short-lived, you can refresh expired tokens by exchanging a refresh token for new ones. See the [configuration reference](#configuration-reference) to ensure your app is configured properly for this flow.

```swift
OktaAuth.refresh { newAccessToken, error in
    if let error = error else {
        // Error
        return
    }
    
    // newAccessToken
}
```

### revoke

Calls the revocation endpoint to revoke the specified token.

```swift
OktaAuth.revoke(accessToken) { response, error in
    if let error = error else {
        // Error
        return
    }
    

>     // check response

Reviewer: Since we're returning `true` or `false` here, maybe update this to:

if (response) {
  // Token was revoked
}

Author: Done.
